Documentation update (#282)
DiamondLightSource/httomo: docs/source/explanation/templates.rst

What is a template?
------------------------

A YAML template (see :ref:`explanation_yaml`) is a textual interface to a method, which can be executed in HTTomo. 
The template provides a communication with a chosen method by setting its input/output entries and also additional parameters, if required.

The combination of YAML templates results in a processing list, also called a pipeline. See more on :ref:`explanation_process_list`

As a simple template example, let's consider the template for the median filter from the `TomoPy <https://tomopy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/tomopy.misc.corr.html#tomopy.misc.corr.median_filter3d>`_ package.

.. code-block:: yaml
    
    - method: median_filter3d
      module_path: tomopy.misc.corr
      parameters:
        size: 3

The first two lines are self-explanatory: the method's name and path to the module. HTTomo will interpret this in Python
by importing the method as:

.. code-block:: python

    from tomopy.misc.corr import median_filter3d

> The list of parameters for that method is given in the *parameters* list.

Reviewer: This isn't really a big deal, it's kinda trying to guess what users would think regarding wording, so feel free to take it or leave it.

The value of the `parameters` field is more a map of key-value pairs than a list (it becomes a python `dict`), and I'm not sure if referring to it as a "list" could confuse people.

I tend to use the term "field" when referring to a key in a mapping in YAML since it doesn't imply a particular python data structure in the same way "list" does, so maybe something like the following could be less ambiguous:

```suggestion
The set of parameter values for that method is given in the *parameters* field.
```
